Hundred people very good. You have rupees thousand rupees spent on ads. That is your minus negative. Now, if a hundred people have downloaded your ebook, 5 people would basically buy something of rupees 2 99 from you. Because of the page we have created in. So people have paid 2 the line into 5, how much money did we make? Very good. Nearly 1500 rupees, so rupees, 1500, which is what plus How much profit have been made would anybody tell me? Excellent, 1500 minus thousand rupees how much profit we have made? Rupees 500, type of mind blue 2 in the chat box if you have understood the maths. How many of your mind blown, b 2 in the child if you understood the math, Shit. For those who have not understood, let me explain you. What is happening is you are generating a hundred leads Out of that, you are generated the top 3 percent buyers. Member 3 percent rule, hundred 3 percent 3. We're approximately taking 5 out of that 5 people who are very interested, would pay you money to get on a call. And because they have paid you money. Before the call only, you have made 500 profit. And all those 5 people Out of that, you convert 1 person for let's say your product is 20000 rupees, you have made 20000 profit. MB2 in the chat, if you now understood. Wow. Now 2 questions. Number 1, Him ans you, would people actually show up on the call and buy on the call? Number 2, why would 5 percent people pay 2 double line? Let me tell you. This is a reason they would 5 percent would pay to double line is because of reciprocity. And let me tell you the proof. The proof is that 35 percent of you have already paid me a stop payment before the workshop. Type a yes in the chat, if you paid extra in the start of the workshop, that means when you were on the landing page, crazy. Crazy. Right? Type of crazy in the chat if you're crazy right now. You have done it. Why would other people not? So if you've have already done it, that means that people will also do because you did it. Yes or no. Imagine over there, I gave you option of 1 to 1 call with me. Would that win... Have been been to 70 percent yes or no. But since I don't have time, I don't put 1 to 1 call over there. I only put some bonuses. Powerful Yes or no. Very good. For those what saying, Keep by minute on Ikea, I'm not in that 35 percent. Well, don't worry, nobody wants those steep lines. Everyone wants who whose customers can pay them well. Yes. So I'm only looking at the top 5 percent I'm not to give her the 95 percent because 95 percent who come to you are not ready to buy from you. So you leave them over there Clear everyone. Very good. Number 2 question. Number 2 question. Ans you, if those 5 people have paid me money, would they come on a call? And why would 1 person percent payout of that? Tell me 1 thing. If people have paid money to up money to book a call with you? Would they show up? If this workshop got free, would you be sitting over here? But if this workshop is 2 99, Would you sit it over here? Obviously, because it is 2 99, Everyone was paid the money? 80, 90 percent of people would come on. So that's why they would show up on the call because they paid money for it. So this problem is solved. Number 2. Tell me 1 thing. Before talking to you, they ready to pay 2 double line. Don't you think after talking to you after understanding your product, after understanding service after trusting you on high level? They would pay you for a purpose service. Because still now people were not paying to come on a call with you. They were coming on free and still buying. Wouldn't if they pay, they're showing a higher interest and would be ready to pay to you? How many are mind blown with this? Is that crazy? Yes, no. Now if you're mind blown, would you like to make the same system for yourself? Sure. Now are you ready to apply everything? Because still now you are thinking workshop? I understand where you come from. Ready? Very good. Understood the strategy, very, very nice. Now the first part of the strategy is creating the ebook book itself. Now the biggest question is, Hey man, I'm going to write I'm not author. I don't know all of that. What should I do? Yes or no. Everyone yes or no. Very good. So now we are going to solve all these things 1 by 1. So the first thing that we need call as a lead magnet. And everyone's lead magnet over here would be a ebook. It would not be a training. It would not be a masterclass class. It would not be a webinar It would not be a workshop. It would always be free ebook. Now he wants you, why are you doing workshop because I'm on a different scale. I spent 3 lakh per day. You don't. You're on a small scale. You'll start with 200. Later, once you scale, you do anything in your life, I don't care. My job is to make you at least 1 to, 4 lots a month, and then whatever you want to do in your life. My job is to get you to 1 to 4 lakh a month. Now, to get that, you will be starting with a ebook. Right? Everyone would be creating a ebook. Now, 1 thing that you'd be thinking is much, I cannot write. I don't know the topic and everything like that. The special part is you don't need to. Now what is a lead mandate? Well, if you have this big of a market where multiple people are there, don't want to pay you money, These are your future prospects. Over there, you send a free gift. This free gift is your ebook. This ebook is very valuable to them because you solve multiple problems in this ebook. Because to get this valuable thing, they would jump out to get this valuable thing. And those who get this valuable thing are part of your something called as list. How many if you have heard the money is in the list? They're talking about this list. And this is your call as phone number list or your email list. Whenever you want to sell something you would go to this list to sell something as your product or service, whatever you have. You can send this list to your Youtube. You can send this list to your Instagram. You can this list to anywhere you want. Is that clear with every given type of myth that is clear. Very good, super awesome. Send Now if that is clear with you, let's go and write our book. Here is my promise. In the next 5 minutes, your book would be ready. How many of you don't believe me. What? In the next 5 minutes, your book would be ready, which will be more valuable than what you would write. Those you are expert. Ready? Super awesome. Now to do that, we'll will be using a tool called as chat Gp. Now, in chat Gp, there are 2 options, new chat and current chat, you would be clicking on the current chart. Why? Because charge Gp knows about your persona. So it will create the book according to the persona not to a random person. Clear everyone. So simply come over here and simply write this prompt now. Which is suggest me 10 ideas for ebook, to give to the above persona. That means give me 10 ideas, that you think I can give as a ebook. For free to the above persona to solve their problem. Now the moment I press enter, you would see here are 10 ideas. Wow. How many are mind blown? Yes. For example, I like this name. Are restaurant owners hud, strategies for success in the culinary business. This is a good name I like. Right? What else what else what else what else see. Thunder to table. I like this name. So let's say I go with this name right now. Whatever you feel is a good name, Simply copy this name. Now simply right over here, right. 10 chapters for the ebook and paste the ebook name. Is it simple? Yes or no. What did I did? Number 1. Suggest me 10 ideas. It gave me 10 ideas. Now I go over here, say, write 10 chapters for the ebook and I give the name that I want to write and Simply press enter. What will happen it will write 10 chapters. Wow. Chapter 1, chapter 2, chapter 3, chapter 4, chapter 5, chapter 6. Can you see in step by step detail The whole thing is in front of you with multiple points inside it. For example, mastering operations, how to do marketing and promotion. Are the power of creating strong online presence, then managing finance and maximizing profitability. Tell me 1 thing, guys, I restaurant expert? No, I I'm not. But am I writing a restaurant thing? Yeah. Is it valuable to a restaurant owner? Yes or no. If I'm giving this for absolutely free, it valuable for them? Excellent. It is. Now if you do all of that, can you also write this whole thing, chapter 1 to chapter 10? Yes or no. Everyone can do that? Is it okay with everyone? Till now it is clear. Now you will come over here, and you will simply write this. Okay. Watch me carefully. What you need to write? You need to write write, Chapter 1 in 500 words. What? Right? Chapter 1, in 500 words, press enter. Wow. Can you see chapter 1 written in full segments 1.11 0.21 0.3. All the things that we are saying are done in step by step? MB3 in the chat if your mind load for the third time now. Everyone, NB3, if you mind for the third time? Now tell me 1 day. If you can do for chapter 1, can you do for chapter 2? Yes or no, Very good. If you can do for chapter 2? Can you do for chapter 3, years or no? Can you do for chapter 4 as well? Can you do for chapter 5? And can you do for all 10 chapters? And then finally, you come to a level where you have written your whole ebook in the next 5 minutes? Now can you copy all of this and paste on Google Doc? Yes or no? Can everyone do that? Very good. Now what you have done is you have charge Gp to basically give you a structure. So use charge Gp. Charge Gp does the whole thing and give you a structure Now all the structure you put in a Google Doc. Now once you put in a Google Doc, This is what you do. And this is where the game changes. You put all of that with your knowledge, do not copy paste and start giving. Put your knowledge, put your expertise, put what is wrong put put what is right. This is to just make a structure for yourself. Now in the next 10:20 minutes which you can start editing it, put your knowledge, put your expertise, you can put your templates if you have some you can put your experiences, You can put your stories. Is everyone clear on this? Can everyone do that? Because if you can't put all of these things then are you really export. And if you're not expert, why would country pay you? But if you can put all of these things, that means you are somewhat of expert and people would love to pay you, clear everyone. Now tell me 1 thing, if the Ebook contains your knowledge, if it has your expertise edited, if it it has your templates, if it has your experience, if it has your stories, Is it your ebook book or Gp ebook book? Crazy. Crazy in the tad box we are crazy right now? Basically, you have just made your lead magnet that you would take 30 days to make. I've have made you do in the next 5 minutes. Are a powerful yes or no, everyone. Is that powerful, yes or no everyone? Yes, very powerful, super powerful Major are very good, Very good, Very good, Very good. Now you have finally made your ebook and your problem number 1 is sold. Are yes no everyone. But the next thing you will say is Him, how do I treat the markup about this ebook. That is the front page. I don't... I'm designer what to do is want you? I'm... I don't know what to do now. How many of you have this problem type of mean, the chat books that means you need to make the mock of the ebook and you're not ready for that? Very good, there are 2 things. Either you can hire someone for 500 rupees and make it done or you can use can dot com. So everyone see my screen. They go camera dot com. Very easy to make. I do this every single day. Come over here and type book mock up, what do you need to write? Book markup. What do they you want to make, book markup. So simply type book markup. Now you will see hundreds of templates over here, which you can use to make markup ups So let's say, I like this mock up or I like this or I like this, whatever I like I I can put over here. So for example, this is the ebook, I like. Click on customized template. Is that clear with everyone? Simply come over here, click on customized template. Right? Now this is a book. I can come over here, and I can put my title. So for example, marketing for Now let's say, I don't like this image, so I can simply come on this element section... Come on such elements, choose any image like, let's say this the image I like come over here. Paste this image. Is everyone clear. Come over here choose another image, paste that image. Is that powerful? Yes or no? Now come over. Some is this recording by sort of comments things for ago. Charlie. Let's come over here. Now put over here. How to market your restaurant, whatever you want to write, You can write. How if you feel it is a good enough color to start with yes or no? Yes or no? Very good, guys. Very good. Very good everyone Super awesome. Now someone is asking, brother, I am from real estate, how can I give a ebook? For all of those people who interior designers, real estate, all these people, what you can do in this case is you could create a portfolio. Can you give a portfolio ebook? Top 10 houses of the year. Top 10 interior designs of the world. Top 15 all of this, Can you do that? Yes or no. Can you share your portfolio in that? Everyone, tell yes no. Very good guys see problem solved. If you are a doctor, can you solve a problem in that ebook book? Simply, you need to create a micro book. Apply common sense. Don't ask me, Apply the common sense. Don't become mentored thirsty. I don't have your answers. You have your answers, but you need to put your brain in that. Is that clear with everyone? If you ask me a question, what do you tell me you don't have a brain? Because my job is to give you direction. Your job is to think and applying your business, clear with everyone Are everyone clear yes or no. Don't depend on me because when you depend on me it becomes a problem. Your job is to solve your problems. My job is to give you a direction. I'm giving you a direction right now. Very good, guys. Very good. Don't ask anything in the chat box, or else you're showing me you don't have a brain. Don't me you have a brain. Show me you have a brain. Very good. Very good. Now once your lead married is done, let's get to the next thing, which is your Vs video. Right? That means if you remember over there, what we talk about was that the first thing was that they come on the landing page, and they basically get your ebook. Everyone remembers that, they come on a landing page, they get your ebook. Then what happened next page they go, on the next page, there is a video in which you tell them to buy a 1 to 1 call with you and then they pay 2 double line to get on a 1 to 1 call with you. Now the question is remind you, how do I create this video? Type a yes in the table that is a question for you? Very good. How many if you also have some 2 objects objections. Number 1. Also, I am not good on camera. Type of mean in the chat box. I am not good on camera. Number 2, I am not comfortable with camera? How many of you have these 2 questions? Very good. If you are not good on camera, And if you're not comfortable with camera, we are going to remove the camera and still make your video convert. Let me show you how to do that. How many you're ready for that type of mean in the chat box? Very wonderful. Very wonderful. For that, we are going to use our Vs cell template. Our famous Ic Vs template, right? Now this is a template that would be given to all the people who have done the extra payment. So those are done the extra payment. You will get this template for those who have not done, you will not get this as we have mentioned clearly earlier. Now, if you see over here, you have this whole template ready in front of you. Now, what you need to do is you to simply come over here and over here you need to simply simply simply just change the messaging. For example, Here is a special message for dash. Who dash needs to dash, but cannot dash. For example, here are give an example. Here is a special message for every lawyer who's looking to lose weight. Needs to look good, but is not able to. Let me give another example. Here is a special message for every restaurant owner who wants more reservations. Needs to get more clients, but is not able to. Is that simple Yes or no. Can everyone do that? Anyone with a common sense can fulfill in the blanks over here? Yes or no. If you still face problem, simply go to your client persona, if you remember, go over here, find the goals and challenges, put over there, find the motivation put over there, Find the expectation put over there? Yes or no. Can you copy paste this? Very good. Once you have written this come to the second thing, which is hi. My name is G. And if you want to succeed with losing weight as a lawyer, getting more clients in restaurant, growing your business then pay very close attention. Many restaurant owners suffer from the idea of getting more reservations, but it is actually completely wrong, many lawyers who suffer from the idea of losing weight and believe that it is true to lose with exercise, but it is completely wrong? Is that clear with everyone. Can you fill that step by step? Yes or no? Excellent, Very, very good. Now since you can do that now we come to the next step. The next step is how to record this. To record this, you will use a tool call as Vid. V Id YAD, everyone, Vid. We BIDYARD. Right? I'll show you the link in sometime, but first see my screen. If you see on my screen the top there's a green icon over here. Can everyone see that yes or no? This green icon is called as vid. What vid? This green icon is called as vid. This is a video recording tool that you can use for absolutely free. So you will simply click on this icon, and then you will see something like this. Can you see that Yes or no? Now since you don't want to show your face, simply click on the screen icon. Clear everyone. Adi yes no brother. Very good. Now, if you want to show your face, you can click on screen plus cam. If you don't want to share a face simply click on screen, Now if you simply click on screen, you would see over here green crack icon. If the green icon is coming, that means my mic is working If the green icon is not coming, that means my wife is not working. Is that simple to understand yes or no? Very good. Now you will simply click on start recording. Once you click on start recording, simply select the template and it would start recording, can you see 3 2 and 1, Here's a special message for every lawyer who wants lose bid, but is not able to needs to look good, but is not able to Hi. My name is Shu. And if you want to succeed with dash dash and dash then may very close attention. And here by here, I will go and record this Once your recording is done, simply click on this icon again. And before in the chat, if you can see my recording is done, wow. Crazy. Dangerous. Did I show my face? No. Will this split convert, Yes, because it is working for thousands of people. Do I need to wait a lot to shoot this video or no, Simply open your P start recording? Array everyone yes or no m mb 4 in the chat box by? Are crazy or not? Yes. Now check this out. I can copy this link and send you in the chat box. Right? Check this out. I've sent the link in the chat box. How many you can see this video? Wow. Powerful. See. I was able to record the video upload the video and send you the link without doing anything? That's the power of vid. Vid is absolutely free tool to use. How many if you feel uncomfortable that without your face you can record a video like this and have enough common sense type of mean in the chat box. Alright a heck in. In Right? We just go to Google type V Id by ARDV and you'll get the tool. Are it dangerous Yes or no? Can everyone do this? Yes or no? Is that powerful? Yes or no? For those who have done the extra payment, you will get the Vs step for those who have not done, you will not get that. Do not disturb again again for the same thing. Earlier. Let's move forward now. Now once that is done, once that is done, Once your Vs video is done, next thing is a website, how many of you have tried to basically build a website for yourself? How many of you have tried to build a website for yourself from the past 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, but you were not able to do that. Yes or no? Have you tried that? Excellent. Super awesome. Super awesome. How many of you have also tried to pay someone, but the thing was not done. How many of you have tried to basically hire someone, but the thing still not work? You have tried every single means to make a website, but your website was not ready. Yes or no. Very good. What if I tell you in the next 10 minutes, your website would be ready? Would you be excited and would like to know that? Yes or no? Your Super awesome. Now if you're ready to understand how to do that, let's get it rolling. For that, you are going to use a tool called as gamma dot app GAMMA dot app. Right? Simply, Google it, You'll get it later. For now, just see my screen. Right? See my screen. Simply open gamma dot app, and click on create new. What gamma dot app create new. Create new k bath, click on generate, what create a new, generate, write on your pen paper. Gamma dot com, create a new generate. Once you click on generate, you come to the next step, it's called as web page. So simply click on this option of call as web page. Now once you click on web page, you would see a lot of things over here. Now in whatever table you want to make, you can write. You can write website for business consultant. You can write over here, landing page for ebook. Whatever you want to write, you can write. I will write now over here, website for business consultant. Clear everyone? Yes, no in the chat box. What did I id? I simply write what I want from that. So whatever you want, you can write it down. So I write website for business consultancy see over here. Once I do that, I press on this arrow. Now, it will show me exactly what do I want. I want the introduction I want services, I want our team, I want client such success stories. I want the blog, I want to contact us. If I want something else, I can click on try again. Then it would give me more things wow. Isn't that crazy? Yes or no everyone. Super awesome. Now once that is the click on continue. Now once you click on continue, you would see multiple themes over here. Whatever theme ul ui you can pick For example, if I go over, I like, let's say this thing. This thing is nice for me. I like this thing. Right? Now if I like this team, I simply click on the theme I click on continue. So what do I do? I click on create new, I click on generate, I click on web page. I have what I write what I want once I write what I want to select a theme. And I click on continue. Now my hands are over here, you can see my not touching my keyboard. I'm not typing anything and you can see that business consulting service is in front of you. Some people might be not able to see my camera because my screen is shared. Wow.